hey YouTube Greg here my Rustler
Superman edition one hundred percent
customized is completely finished july
the 29th just going to show you
everything I got everything is ready to
run installed with the sand paddle tires
on tracks this link 2.4 gigahertz and
the 3s lipo 5000 milliamps hard case so
here are the hpi sand runners in the
front Panther paddle tires in the back
2.2 inch traxxas diable rims all four
wheels I am going to die them black in
the front I have RPM bumper integy
piggyback front shocks in teji aluminum
upper deck and teji bulkhead RPM a arms
RPM caster box RPM bearing carriers
traxxas turnbuckles traxxas staring
links waterproof receiver box the XL
mounted onto the left side REM or PM red
anodized aluminum chassis
integy staring bell crank waterproof
traxxas servo tracks is 2.4 gigahertz
receiver in the back rpm shock tower
aluminum blue rare shocks traxxas red
turnbuckles RPM rare arms RPM barren
carriers heavy-duty drive shaft integy
aluminum gearbox in teji 7610 spur gear
traxxas 31 turn pinion gear this is
completely finished and is ready for
some bashing in the dirt sand or snow
there's the bottom of the vehicle
completely aluminum and RPM i will show
you my battery now method here i am
using 3m dual lock velcro system
heavy-duty velcro i will show you how it
works and i also have battered straps
put it into the middle and then push
down batteries now mounted dual lock in
extra sturdy and then i have the
batteries left which i will also put on
and now my battery is double secured
this thing is ready to run I'll show you
right now
that is my one hundred percent
customized Superman edition Rustler
please subscribe comment and rate thanks
for watching and have a nice day